First of that we need to do is set up a way to trigger our AJAX call so we can do that with a button.
There's a number of ways that we can do this.
So this is going to be a regular standard button we'll give it an ID so we can identify it.
So give an idea of Beati and and it'll say click me.
And next let's hook up our javascript so the javascript is going to be what connects to the API.
Post back all of that information.
And first of all let's add in our button and add an event listener to that variable between document.
We can do get element by ID because we've got an ID of BT.
So we just grab this last one and place it within the object.
And now let's add our event listener and the listener that we're going to listen for is a click.
And when it gets clicked then we're going to fire off a function.
Next item let's set up our function so function.
Next item we don't need to pass any parameters.
And this one here is where all of the action is going to take place.
So first of all let's just make sure that it's working.
We'll open up our dev tools.
Click the button and we see that it's clicked.
So we're ready to go to continue to build this out and let's build out our request to build out a method
where we're going to contain all of our Ajax functionality so set up our ex-teacher object will create
a brand new one so this is SML HTP request object.
And we also need to specify a method here.
And then you are l as well as we want to load asynchronously so that's true.
And actually char send.
So now our exit char has been sent and we need to still listen to the ready state change
so on ready state change that we want to fire off or we're going to create a function for that one.
And let's do.
SH are object so within this next item function we need to specify.
L all so excited in your l and let's grab one of these API is just one of these endpoints and post it
in and then we need to pass in a you are well within the parameters of the function refresh.
Click the button.
We see that it's clicked.
We're not actually outputting it or making the request so it's odd that in and refresh and try again.
So we see that we go through all of the ready States.
So there's one two three four.
So all of them get hit.
As it changes.
And on the last one we actually get response information and then this is what we want to make use of
within our age to mail pieces the content that's coming back.
So the next lesson.
Let's dive deeper into the application.
So go ahead and set this up for yourself within your own web page.
And next we're going to be showing you how you can make use of the data that we're requesting and retrieving
back.
So it's coming up.